#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.6
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.12
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.8.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   starlette
attrs==25.1.0
    # via aiohttp
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via uvicorn
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
faiss-cpu==1.7.4
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi==0.109.2
    # via -r requirements.in
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.2
    # via openai
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-community==0.0.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
langchain-core==0.1.23
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
langsmith==0.0.87
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
openai==1.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
propcache==0.2.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
pydantic==2.6.1
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.16.2
    # via pydantic
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.38
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
starlette==0.36.3
    # via fastapi
tenacity==8.5.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via openai
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   fastapi
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.27.1
    # via -r requirements.in
yarl==1.18.3
    # via aiohttp
